README.md, before:

# Modification of solutions to the detection problem

## Requirements

- numpy               >=1.23.0
- numpy               <2.0.0; sys_platform == "darwin"
- matplotlib          >=3.3.0
- opencv-python       >=4.6.0
- pillow              >=7.1.2
- pyyaml              >=5.3.1
- requests            >=2.23.0
- scipy               >=1.4.1
- torch               >=1.8.0
- torch               >=1.8.0; sys_platform == "win32"
- torchvision         >=0.9.0
- tqdm                >=4.64.0
- psutil              5.9.3
- py-cpuinfo          9.0.0
- pandas              >=1.1.4
- seaborn             >=0.11.0
- ultralytics-thop    >=2.0.0

## Guide

It is recommended to use kaggle with GPU, google colab with GPU or computer with GPU.

### How to install and run

### On kaggle:

Create or sing in an account on kaggle.
Download `ModificationOfSolutionsToDetection.ipynb` from notebook folder in GitHub.
Create new notebook and import `ModificationOfSolutionsToDetection.ipynb`.
Add dataset "Animals Detection Images Dataset", URL = "https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/antoreepjana/animals-detection-images-dataset".
Run the first cell (for kaggle). After run all after three.

### On google colab:

#### Step 1: Notebook preparation.

Create or sing in account on google.
Download `ModificationOfSolutionsToDetection.ipynb` from notebook folder in GitHub.
Create new notebook and import `ModificationOfSolutionsToDetection.ipynb`.

#### Step 2: Run notebook.

Run the second cell (for google colab). After run all after three.

### On computer:

#### Step 1: Download kaggle.json.

Create or sign in an account on kaggle.
Go to the "settings" section.
Find "Api" and click "Create new token".

#### Step 2: Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/VadosikRRR/Modification_OfSolutionsToDetection.git
```

#### Step 3: install kaggle and send kaggle.json.
Open `ModificationOfSolutionsToDetection.ipynb` in notebook folder.
Run the third cell (for computer).
It will give you an error. Move `kaggle.json` to the specified path.

#### Step 4: Run notebook
Run the third cell again. After run all after three.

Commit message:

Added results and fixing readme

README.md, after:

# Modification of solutions to the detection problem

## Description

This project is a modification of existing solutions on a [dataset](https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/antoreepjana/animals-detection-images-dataset "Link to the dataset").

### In notebook:
- `ModificationOfSolutionsToDetection.ipynb`

### In results
- `NAdam_10_epochs_64_640`
- `NAdam_10_epochs_64_960`
- `NAdam_10_epochs_96_640`
- `NAdam_50_epochs_64_640`
- `NAdam_50_epochs_64_640`

## Requirements

- numpy               >=1.23.0
- numpy               <2.0.0; sys_platform == "darwin"
- matplotlib          >=3.3.0
- opencv-python       >=4.6.0
- pillow              >=7.1.2
- pyyaml              >=5.3.1
- requests            >=2.23.0
- scipy               >=1.4.1
- torch               >=1.8.0
- torch               >=1.8.0; sys_platform == "win32"
- torchvision         >=0.9.0
- tqdm                >=4.64.0
- psutil              5.9.3
- py-cpuinfo          9.0.0
- pandas              >=1.1.4
- seaborn             >=0.11.0
- ultralytics-thop    >=2.0.0

## Guide

It is recommended to use kaggle with GPU, google colab with GPU or computer with GPU.

### How to install and run

### On kaggle:

Create or sing in an account on kaggle.
Download `ModificationOfSolutionsToDetection.ipynb` from notebook folder in GitHub.
Create new notebook and import `ModificationOfSolutionsToDetection.ipynb`.
Add dataset "Animals Detection Images Dataset", URL = "https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/antoreepjana/animals-detection-images-dataset".
Run the first cell (for kaggle). After run all after three.

### On google colab:

#### Step 1: Notebook preparation.

Create or sing in account on google.
Download `ModificationOfSolutionsToDetection.ipynb` from notebook folder in GitHub.
Create new notebook and import `ModificationOfSolutionsToDetection.ipynb`.

#### Step 2: Run notebook.

Run the second cell (for google colab). After run all after three.

### On computer:

#### Step 1: Download kaggle.json.

Create or sign in an account on kaggle.
Go to the "settings" section.
Find "Api" and click "Create new token".

#### Step 2: Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/VadosikRRR/Modification_OfSolutionsToDetection.git
```

#### Step 3: install kaggle and send kaggle.json.
Open `ModificationOfSolutionsToDetection.ipynb` in notebook folder.
Run the third cell (for computer).
It will give you an error. Move `kaggle.json` to the specified path.

#### Step 4: Run notebook
Run the third cell again. After run all after three.
